1.5: 2015-01-01
    Version 1.5 released.
    
    Memo can now export notes to a CSV file.
    
    In ~/.memorc a property MARK_AS_DONE can be set. The property
    takes a valid date(yyyy-MM-dd) as a value. When set Memo will 
    automatically mark notes older than the date as done.
    
    New command line flag -O added. With -O Memo reorders note id
    codes. For example if there's notes with id codes 1,4 and 5
    they will become 1,2 and 3.

    Search is no longer case sensitive.
    
    On Windows Memo now uses _ as a file prefix instead of dot. So
    On Windows .memorc is _memorc and .memo is _memo. However, Windows
    is not officially supported. Use Cygwin instead if on Windows.
    
    This release includes multiple bug fixes and to avoid code duplication
    several helper functions where added.
    
    As this version had increasing number of contributors I'm not going
    to list all the people here. Thanks for all the contributors for bug fixes 
    and feature suggestions.

1.4: 2014-11-21
	Version 1.4 released.

	Version 1.4 implements new features as well as portability
	fixes.

	Memo can now replace existing note without touching the id of
	the note. Note replace functionality is behind -r flag.

	It's now possible to add multiple notes at once using -i flag.
	When flag -i is used Memo reads notes from stdin until the 
	end of transmission (^D).

	Memo can now show only undone notes with flag -u.

	Flag -s is now depracated. Same functionality is available by
	simply typing "memo".

	Adding a note from stdin is now behind flag - instead of just
	command "memo". This change was made since it's more logical
	to show the notes when user types "memo" than assume input from
	stdin. Besides flag - is pretty standard for reading from stdin.

	This version also includes various portability fixes for Windows
	and Mac OS X operating systems.

	Thanks for Mikael Berthe for new ideas, Aaron Massey for Mac OS X
	related fixes and Mattn for Windows related changes. Thanks also
	for other contributors I possibly forgot to mention.

1.3: 2014-11-06
	Version 1.3 released.

	This release brings new features as well as bugfixes.

	-D option now asks for confirmation. It's possible to disable
	it via ~/.memorc property. See manpage for more.

	Added -o option to display all notes organized by date.

	Help (-h) is now shorter and all the examples are available
	in the man page.

	BUGFIX: Memo no longer makes unnecessary file accessing.
	BUGFIX: Improve error reporting in various ways.
	BUGFIX: Better way to check if a file exists. This should
                add reliability and probably fixes problems what 
		Memo had when running on Jolla mobile phone.

	Thanks for Mikael Berthe for noticing small bugs.

1.2: 2014-10-30
	Bugfix version 1.2 released.

	This is an important fix and everyone must upgrade.
	Memo assumed that the is is always one char long. This caused
	a problem where note status could not be changed if the id was
	> 9.

	Thanks for Mikael Berthe for noticing this bug.

1.1: 2014-10-29
        Stable version 1.1 released.

	Notes can be now marked as postponed. See man page
        for more information.

        Memo path can be now set using MEMO_PATH environment
        variable. See man page for more information.

        BUGFIX: Prevent Memo from adding empty notes.

1.0: 2014-10-24
	First official release of Memo. File format is now
	stable and documented.

	Different note statuses are now supported. Notes can
	be "undone" or "done". 

	BUGFIX: Fixed a minor memory leak in main().

0.9: 2014-10-20
	It's now possible to change the path where Memo stores
	notes. See manpage for more information.

	Some refactoring of the codebase was also made. Couple
	of minor bugfixes were made, Memo should be now even
	more stable.	

0.8: 2014-10-19
	Notes can be now searched with regular expressions. 
        POSIX.2 basic regular expressions are supported. This was 
        chosen to achieve compatibility with tools such as grep and sed.

	Added manual page memo(1)

0.7: 2014-10-15
        It's now possible to add a note with custom date. For example
	one could do memo -a "Text for the short note" 2014-24-12. If date
	is omitted, current date will be used.

0.6: 2014-10-11
	Initial release. Memo was originally implemented in Java,
	but that was an ugly hack. Version 0.6 is now rewritten in C99
	and has proper support for reading from stdin among other things.

     2014-10-12
        Added "delete all" option. Also fixed unnecessary errors when ~/.memo
        does not exist.

        Applied patches from Jari Aalto. Includes code readability fixes as
        well as improves help.

